Blazor chained bind (#14215)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/components.md

Prefer the strongly typed `EventCallback<T>` over `EventCallback`. `EventCallback<T>` provides better error feedback to users of the component. Similar to other UI event handlers, specifying the event parameter is optional. Use `EventCallback` when there's no value passed to the callback.

## Chained bind

A common scenario is chaining a data-bound parameter to a page element in the component's output. This scenario is called a *chained bind* because multiple levels of binding occur simultaneously.

> Chained bind can't be implemented with `@bind` syntax in the page's element. Chained bind is created using the property with an event handler. A parent component can use `@bind` syntax with the parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A chained bind can't be implemented with `@bind` syntax in the page's element. The event handler and value must be specified separately. A parent component, however, can use `@bind` syntax with the component's parameter.
```

The following `PasswordField` component (*PasswordField.razor*):

* Sets an `<input>` element's value to a `Password` property.
* Exposes changes of the `Password` property to a parent component with an [EventCallback](#eventcallback).

> ```cshtml

Reviewer 2: Hopefully this will eventually be migrated to code file.
i can do that post GA

Author: I added a bullet point for this to the existing issue WRT what the sample will cover and what it won't. There was no point to doing the extra work for snippets at this time with so much churn and without engineering identifying which examples they want in the sample app and which ones they just want in-text. I used snippets when I needed highlighting. Otherwise, it wasn't worth the cost during preview. 🏃

https://github.com/aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs/issues/14216

Password: 

<input @oninput="OnPasswordChanged" 
       required 
       type="@(showPassword ? "text" : "password")" 
       value="@Password" />

<button class="btn btn-primary" @onclick="ToggleShowPassword">
    Show password
</button>

@code {
    private bool showPassword;

    [Parameter]
    public string Password { get; set; }

    [Parameter]
    public EventCallback<string> PasswordChanged { get; set; }

    private Task OnPasswordChanged(ChangeEventArgs e)
    {
        Password = e.Value.ToString();

        return PasswordChanged.InvokeAsync(Password);
    }

    private void ToggleShowPassword()
    {
        showPassword = !showPassword;
    }
}
```

The `PasswordField` component is used in another component:

```cshtml
<PasswordField @bind-Password="password" />

@code {
    private string password;
}
```

> If you need to perform checks or trap errors on the password in the preceding example:

Reviewer 2: To perform checks or trap errors on the password in the preceding example:

* Create a backing field for `Password` (`password` in the following example code).
* Perform the checks or trap errors in the `Password` setter.

> The following example instantly provides feedback to the user if a space is provided anywhere in the password's value:

Reviewer 2: The following example provides  immediate feedback to the user if a space is used in the password's value:

Prefer the strongly typed `EventCallback<T>` over `EventCallback`. `EventCallback<T>` provides better error feedback to users of the component. Similar to other UI event handlers, specifying the event parameter is optional. Use `EventCallback` when there's no value passed to the callback.

## Chained bind

A common scenario when creating nested components is the desire to bind a property:

* To a page element in a component.

> * Across nested components.

Reviewer: I'm not really sure what "nested components" means here.

Author: Components that use other components ... i.e., a graph of two or more components.

This is trying to say that a component's property is bound to one of its elements and to a field/property of a parent component.

Reviewer: How about something like this?: "A common scenario when authoring components is to support chaining a data bound parameter to a page element in the component's output."

This scenario is called a *chained bind* because multiple levels of binding occur simultaneously.

The following `PasswordField` component (*PasswordField.razor*):

> * Binds an `<input>` element to a `Password` property.

Reviewer: I think this merits some explanatory text to point out that you don't use the standard `@bind` syntax in this case. You need to instead go level lower to specify the event handler and value yourself.

Author: Can it just say 'sets the value' then? That would remove the word "bind" from it.

Author: > * Sets the value of an `<input>` element to a `Password` property.

Reviewer: It both sets the value and listens to the desired event.

Author: Is the "listens" part the 2nd bullet tho?

Reviewer: The important thing is to say that you can't use `@bind` when implementing a chained bind.

Author: Ok.

Since this two-bullet sequence is only trying to describe what the code in the following example does, I'll try adding it a bit earlier ... something like ...

> Chained bind can't be implemented with `@bind` syntax. Chained bind is created using the property with an event handler.

Reviewer: Yeah, "Chained bind can't be implemented with `@bind` syntax *on the page element*...". The consume of the component can of course use `@bind` with the parameter.
